Update catalog-executions-ssisdb-database.md (#6481)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/integration-services/system-views/catalog-executions-ssisdb-database.md

|executed_as_sid|**varbinary(85)**|The SID of the user who started the instance of execution.|  
|executed_as_name|**nvarchar(128)**|The name of the database principal that was used to start the instance of execution.|  
|use32bitruntime|**bit**|Indicates if the 32-bit runtime is used to run the package on a 64-bit operating system. When the value is `1`, the execution is performed with the 32-bit runtime. When the value is `0`, the execution is performed with the 64-bit runtime.|  

> |operation_type|**smallint**|The type of operation. The operation_type of 200 means create/start execution'|  
> |created_time|**datetimeoffset**|The time when the instance was initiated.  Keep in mind that there is a lag time betwen initiation and actual start time'| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|operation_type|**smallint**|The type of operation. The operation_type of 200 means create/start execution.|  
|created_time|**datetimeoffset**|The time when the instance was initiated.  Keep in mind that there is a lag time between initiation and actual start time.| 

```
